{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2761
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red13\green16\blue19;\red255\green255\blue255;\red66\green81\blue94;
\red28\green134\blue236;\red13\green16\blue20;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c5882\c7843\c9804;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;\cssrgb\c32549\c39216\c44314;
\cssrgb\c11373\c60784\c94118;\cssrgb\c5882\c7843\c10196;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww29200\viewh18380\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\tx720\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs34 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 fractured ribs. woke up this morning laying in the grass. hurts to breathe/this life of mine\
no babe i love your beautiful bicameral mind\cf2 \cb1 \strokec2 \
\pard\tx720\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 enveloping someone else like a deep fog\cf2 \cb1 \strokec2 \
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 people act like getting laid off is this horrible thing. have you seen these jeans it\'92s going to be okay.\cf2 \cb1 \strokec2 \
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 the second you post a picture of a movie theatre screen the device in your chest should be detonated\cf2 \cb1 \strokec2 \
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 always cool when you go to someone\'92s apartment and can tell they steal toilet paper from metrograph as well\cf2 \cb1 \strokec2 \
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 sharp pain in heart. you\'92re still with me. that\'92s good\cf2 \cb1 \strokec2 \
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 playing sun kil moon on a small portable bluetooth speaker and cuddling it\cf2 \cb1 \strokec2 \
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 if i can get a bullseye off her face on ethnoguessr she\'92s not my little shyt\cf2 \cb1 \strokec2 \
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 if i bite the hand im licking it too\cf2 \cb1 \strokec2 \
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 it has been the honor of my life liking pictures of you on social media. as well as subsequently direct messaging you\cf2 \cb1 \strokec2 \
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 she asked me who i\'92m laying next to when i dream at night. i told her when i dream at night im drinking an ice cold pacifico i bought from the elder ecuadorian ladies at grover cleveland{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://x.com/spero1ucem/status/1976308755840061946"}}{\fldrslt 
\fs30 \cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
}}biking home blackout or. how i learned to stop worrying and love the hole in my new jacket.\cf2 \cb1 \strokec2 \
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 your beautiful general indifference\cf2 \cb1 \strokec2 \
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 oh, the knife. you\'92re twisting it now. alright.\cf2 \cb1 \strokec2 \
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 apparently i\'92m receiving eternal joy next week. i can barely sleep\cf2 \cb1 \strokec2 \
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 she tells me to get home safe as if i know any other way\cf2 \cb1 \strokec2 \
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 i know you\'92re tired. well i\'92m tired too\cf2 \cb1 \strokec2 \
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 you could come over but I\'92d rather just drink fernet and imagine you naked\cf2 \cb1 \strokec2 \
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 i smoke so many cigarettes. i make so many mistakes\cf2 \cb1 \strokec2 \
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 i\'92m carrying a few extra pounds. that\'92s okay\cf2 \cb1 \strokec2 \
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 your beautiful seductive  nothing\cf2 \cb1 \strokec2 \
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 asking the cute girl in AA if she wants to get a drink once the meeting ends\cf2 \cb1 \strokec2 \
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 ever since i was young i knew i wanted to be inside of your phone\cf2 \cb1 \strokec2 \
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 i\'92m a good kid. i\'92m a good guy. i have a system\cf2 \cb1 \strokec2 \
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 you\'92re every first down to me\cf2 \cb1 \strokec2 \
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 guy who uses sex to express every emotion besides love\cf2 \cb1 \strokec2 \
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 on a boat together. we\'92ve gotten used to the rocking. the bed is obviously stiff.\cf2 \cb1 \strokec2 \
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 remembered i\'92m too old to be groomed now. hurts\cf2 \cb1 \strokec2 \
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 i need help with a hungarian problem. it will require a feminine touch, but not necessarily a woman\'92s.\cf2 \cb1 \strokec2 \
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 snow days are important because they teach children the power and importance of prayer\cf2 \cb1 \strokec2 \
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 the issue with texas is that there isn\'92t really anyone that you\'92d want to kill yourself in front of. youve got to settle\cf2 \cb1 \strokec2 \
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 i approach romance and fantasy football with identical detached disillusion\cf2 \cb1 \strokec2 \
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 i really don\'92t even like having sex\cf2 \cb1 \strokec2 \
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 My flaws define me. Long after I\'92m dead, even if I never accomplish anything of note, society will remember my flaws {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://x.com/hashtag/MyFlawsDefineMe?src=hashtag_click"}}{\fldrslt \cf5 \cb3 \strokec5 #MyFlawsDefineMe}}\cf2 \cb1 \strokec2 \
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 i understand that the deli area of the grocery store can be an intimidating place. but you\'92re with me, it\'92s safe now\cf2 \cb1 \strokec2 \
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 let\'92s play weed and smoke fifa{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://x.com/spero1ucem/status/1992026978590077169"}}{\fldrslt 
\fs30 \cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
}}collected this pile of sticks and branches and have no idea why\cf2 \cb1 \strokec2 \
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 feels good as hell to walk around with your dry cleaning. yeah i\'92ve got it all together. not going to drink for the 6th night in a row.\cf2 \cb1 \strokec2 \
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 i just realized that it\'92s never going to be like this again\cf2 \cb1 \strokec2 \
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 bet her new man never seen cirque de soleil though\cf2 \cb1 \strokec2 \
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 i love what\'92re you up to tonight\cf2 \cb1 \strokec2 \
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 i love watching another species\'92 rat race and forgetting about mine\cf2 \cb1 \strokec2 \
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 at the minimalist party doing close to nothing\cf2 \cb1 \strokec2 \
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 mecano on the speaker  fernet branca ordered delivery prowling whatsapp stories  latin as fuck\cf2 \cb1 \strokec2 \
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 going back to their place after a few drinks and losing the plot while you take in all of their things. memorizing the books, posters. the  grain of the wooden floor\cf2 \cb1 \strokec2 \
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 take some bath salts just to eat someone\'92s face off\cf2 \cb1 \strokec2 \
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 walking 2 hours to get ramen in light rain drinking an asahi losing a game of pool and slipping into eternal slumber\cf2 \cb1 \strokec2 \
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 the franck ribery kit stays on during sunday mass\cf2 \cb1 \strokec2 \
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 you understand this is what you were made for right\cf2 \cb1 \strokec2 \
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 i\'92ve made some of the worst decisions of my life at a \'93diner\'94. both interpersonal and financial\cf2 \cb1 \strokec2 \
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 i yearn to laugh at the big joke\cf2 \cb1 \strokec2 \
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 go to work vote break up fourth of july die\cf2 \cb1 \strokec2 \
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 love taught me how to walk, it taught me how to talk, but it never taught me how to vote\cf2 \cb1 \strokec2 \
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 it\'92s important to keep valuable items in your pockets because you get to keep those in the afterlife. incase of random death\cf2 \cb1 \strokec2 \
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 sometimes you have to look at yourself in the bar\'92s bathroom mirror and think about every bad thing you\'92ve done to someone else this year\cf2 \cb1 \strokec2 \
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 private room karaoke is more fun because everyone can touch each other\cf2 \cb1 \strokec2 \
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 i\'92ve got some weird kind of growing disease. i feel like im still growing sometimes, if i really stand up straight. i just go, fucking hell, i didn\'92t used to be that tall.\cf2 \cb1 \strokec2 \
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 when you start to see her face in your super pollo rice and beans\cf2 \cb1 \strokec2 \
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 i am looking to pay someone to be a sort of Madonna like figure in my life. not the pop star though, like a pieta\cf2 \cb1 \strokec2 \
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 going to be where i usually am if anyone wants to invite spontaneity into our lives\cf2 \cb1 \strokec2 \
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 the futile pursuit of a worthwhile sunday . i guess i could always spend $200\cf2 \cb1 \strokec2 \
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 im actually a beautiful girl\cf2 \cb1 \strokec2 \
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 i need to hire a woman to find things on the internet for me. that skill is not in my arsenal\cf2 \cb1 \strokec2 \
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 giving her everything you have probably feels good\cf2 \cb1 \strokec2 \
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 just glad i\'92m seeing the patterns in the woodgrain again\cf2 \cb1 \strokec2 \
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 what if u go on a date with a chick and she takes you back to her place you walk in her room and she just got the ark of the covenant in there\cf2 \cb1 \strokec2 \
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 third day off work due to illness. my bones are weak but my lust for the perfect brooklyn meal under $20 has never been stronger. get in touch, let\'92s work together.\cf2 \cb1 \strokec2 \
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 they call it love. i also call it love\cf2 \cb1 \strokec2 \
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 telling the waitress you\'92d follow her into war then ignoring her recommendations\cf2 \cb1 \strokec2 \
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 have you considered that i\'92ll come running to tie your shoe\cf2 \cb1 \strokec2 \
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 having an apology accepted is the most fun a man can have without taking his clothes off\cf2 \cb1 \strokec2 \
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 God has a special providence for fools, drunks, and girls at a pool table\cf2 \cb1 \strokec2 \
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 we\'92ll become silhouettes when our bodies finally go i guess\cf2 \cb1 \strokec2 \
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 thank you for falling in love with me for the duration of this L train commute\cf2 \cb1 \strokec2 \
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 is it supposed to feel this good when you let it fester\cf2 \cb1 \strokec2 \
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 i thank the ushers at the museum before leaving each room. i give them all a tip.\cf2 \cb1 \strokec2 \
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 feeling it slip through my fingers this morning\cf2 \cb1 \strokec2 \
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 is it cool if i wash your hair later\cf2 \cb1 \strokec2 \
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 ive really enjoyed watching this couple make out at the bar tonight\cf2 \cb1 \strokec2 \
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 received a sora invite code. can\'92t stop generating videos of myself smiling\cf2 \cb1 \strokec2 \
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 first prize at trivia tonight is The One \'85 locking in\cf2 \cb1 \strokec2 \
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 I might let the anger take over later today. or i might go on a walk\cf2 \cb1 \strokec2 \
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 i wish the grains of sand were bigger. then maybe they wouldn\'92t slip through my fingers\cf2 \cb1 \strokec2 \
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 went to go see One Battle After Another tonight with the 3d model of you in my head, constructed by the amalgamation of all our experiences together\cf2 \cb1 \strokec2 \
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 on my way to make things right with the albanian mobster i owe penance to\cf2 \cb1 \strokec2 \
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 if you ever see me in the gym just know the pain has reached levels that i would consider intolerable\cf2 \cb1 \strokec2 \
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 last night i lay in my bed and everything in my field of vision began to dim. for a second i really thought i was dying. but i was just falling asleep\cf2 \cb1 \strokec2 \
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 you can wear me on your wrist and i\'92ll tell you things. ten thousand times\cf2 \cb1 \strokec2 \
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 just injected what i believe is a crushed butterfly into my veins. almost euphoric, will update\cf2 \cb1 \strokec2 \
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 i am a foreign bureaucrat, looking to fall into foreign, bureaucratic love\cf2 \cb1 \strokec2 \
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 great. just what i needed. a tumor in my head.\cf2 \cb1 \strokec2 \
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 your life isn\'92t worthless bro we could definitely assign it a value\cf2 \cb1 \strokec2 \
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 I\'92m boring baby. All I do is make money and come home.\cf2 \cb1 \strokec2 \
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 i can see it in your eyes, you\'92ve been cherishing moments with other people huh\cf2 \cb1 \strokec2 \
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 when you\'92ve been talking to the wraith who\'92s appeared in your room at 3 am and realize he\'92s sort of dominating the conversation\cf2 \cb1 \strokec2 \
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 people think missing the train is a fact of life, but it\'92s not. life is better than that\cf2 \cb1 \strokec2 \
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 please stop expressing yourself. please\cf2 \cb1 \strokec2 \
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 We have a whole life left to live together. But it won\'92t start until you dm me on Twitter\cf2 \cb1 \strokec2 \
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 if you\'92re not at someone\'92s birthday party tonight you might as well just kill yourself\cf2 \cb1 \strokec2 \
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 if the news ever gets you too down you know you can always text me right\cf2 \cb1 \strokec2 \
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 we get it bro you cried infront of the rothko\cf2 \cb1 \strokec2 \
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 nothing particularly  meaningful to say tonight. as you were\cf2 \cb1 \strokec2 \
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 just going to pick a fight with the biggest tweaker i see tonight i need this all to be ended by a hand other than my own\cf2 \cb1 \strokec2 \
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 baby the voice you hear screaming at you is not me. i\'92m the ringing  in your ears afterwards\cf2 \cb1 \strokec2 \
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 what do you mean you have bad handwriting. you\'92re 25\cf2 \cb1 \strokec2 \
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 third base is telling the truth\cf2 \cb1 \strokec2 \
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 i would like to put you in my living room. i would be 15 feet away in the kitchen. and then i would join you\cf2 \cb1 \strokec2 \
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 sitting on the bench that makes you Remember\cf2 \cb1 \strokec2 \
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 speaking on the train is uncouth. speaking in general honestly\cf2 \cb1 \strokec2 \
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 i\'92d like to  hang out during the daytime again. and touch each others knees\cf2 \cb1 \strokec2 \
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 i love sitting outside, thinking about the past, and giving myself cancer. preferably all at the same time\cf2 \cb1 \strokec2 \
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 ive built intricate systems the likes of which you would never believe\cf2 \cb1 \strokec2 \
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 i think im going to waste my time on you forever\cf2 \cb1 \strokec2 \
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 the pattern feels good as hell this morning\cf2 \cb1 \strokec2 \
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 4 sets of honesty. 4 sets of love\cf2 \cb1 \strokec2 \
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 when you touch me can you try to make it feel as if you weren\'92t touching me. or better yet could you just not touch me at all. i really just need you to not touch me right now\cf2 \cb1 \strokec2 \
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 will just wait on the park bench. could wait a few years\cf2 \cb1 \strokec2 \
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 oh you\'92re letting go. all good, just try not to let me leave claw marks on your way out\cf2 \cb1 \strokec2 \
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 its not normal to sit outside someone\'92s apartment all night. and yet\cf2 \cb1 \strokec2 \
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 i promise this time we will be perfect\cf2 \cb1 \strokec2 \
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 \'93imagine if the roles were reversed\'94  i\'92d rather imagine her sitting next to me\cf2 \cb1 \strokec2 \
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 realizing the way i think about money is deeply flawed. also intimacy\cf2 \cb1 \strokec2 \
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 had a beautiful day, and now it\'92s over. the only thing left for me to do now is think about it\cf2 \cb1 \strokec2 \
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 going to go to my favorite restaurant by myself today. and then i\'92m going to break the pattern\cf2 \cb1 \strokec2 \
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 Grok make her love me like it\'92s her first time\cf2 \cb1 \strokec2 \
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 cant hang tonight bro i\'92ve got patterns to fall into\cf2 \cb1 \strokec2 \
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 anyone bored  and want to put cigarettes out on each other\cf2 \cb1 \strokec2 \
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 jomo. joy of missing out\cf2 \cb1 \strokec2 \
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 the lack of grace in your actions offends my sensibilities bro\cf2 \cb1 \strokec2 \
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 if i was a  girl i would\'92ve killed myself 5 years ago. they\'92re so strong, and im\
i never put on sunscreen so i\'92ll probably get skin cancer. i smoke tons of cigarettes so ill probably get lung cancer. im honest and temperamental so you\'92re probably going to shatter me\cf2 \cb1 \strokec2 \
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 randomly thought  of walking home, covered in sweat and a little blood, into the arms of a kind girl who would then tell me that my backhand is improving\cf2 \cb1 \strokec2 \
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 i\'92m just the doctor. i didn\'92t make the needle sharp\cf2 \cb1 \strokec2 \
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 when you wake up and are immediately impaled by the spear\cf2 \cb1 \strokec2 \
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 you kind of look like if all the light in the world had gotten together and arranged itself into the shape of a face\cf2 \cb1 \strokec2 \
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 i wish i had no shame. i actually have a lot of shame\cf2 \cb1 \strokec2 \
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 assisted suicide consultation in quebec this morning . no one talks about how expensive federal death chambers have become in post tariff canada\cf2 \cb1 \strokec2 \
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 i don\'92t smoke. i save my lungs for the air she breathes.\cf2 \cb1 \strokec2 \
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 dreamt about her again award\cf2 \cb1 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 2 months now and she still hasn\'92t found the microphone I bugged her apartment with in order to listen to her sleep at night\cf2 \cb1 \strokec2 \
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 i\'92m starting to think the mother of my children will not be on X, the everything app\cf2 \cb1 \strokec2 \
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 if i was in love i would quit my job. if i was in love i would always properly recycle. i would also vote, all of the time. even municipal elections. and i would be in love\cf2 \cb1 \strokec2 \
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 you can\'92t be eating meat with those micro bangs shorty\cf2 \cb1 \strokec2 \
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 I\'92ve gotten a lot better at shattering. I can keep it to 4-5 pieces now. Like a terracotta pot\cf2 \cb1 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://x.com/spero1ucem/status/1940027954580303938"}}{\fldrslt 
\fs30 \cf4 \strokec4 \
}}\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://x.com/spero1ucem/status/1941686617783054844"}}{\fldrslt 
\fs30 \cf4 \strokec4 \
}}\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://x.com/spero1ucem/status/1942551850349388073"}}{\fldrslt 
\fs30 \cf4 \strokec4 \
}}\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://x.com/spero1ucem/status/1891648987058352145/photo/1"}}{\fldrslt 
\fs30 \cf6 \strokec6 \
}}\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://x.com/spero1ucem/status/1943457710097469470"}}{\fldrslt 
\fs30 \cf4 \strokec4 \
}}\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://x.com/spero1ucem/status/1945989778073162180"}}{\fldrslt 
\fs30 \cf4 \strokec4 \
}}\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://x.com/spero1ucem/status/1951770687149949425"}}{\fldrslt 
\fs30 \cf4 \strokec4 \
}}\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://x.com/spero1ucem/status/1952787599161958563"}}{\fldrslt 
\fs30 \cf4 \strokec4 \
}}\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://x.com/spero1ucem/status/1953521185628516530"}}{\fldrslt 
\fs30 \cf4 \strokec4 \
}}\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://x.com/itsgoingaway/status/1953253515989819839"}}{\fldrslt 
\fs30 \cf4 \strokec4 \
}}\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://x.com/spero1ucem/status/1953834290803785794"}}{\fldrslt 
\fs30 \cf4 \strokec4 \
}}\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://x.com/spero1ucem/status/1954692014529720664"}}{\fldrslt 
\fs30 \cf4 \strokec4 \
}}\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://x.com/spero1ucem/status/1956174044123877482"}}{\fldrslt 
\fs30 \cf4 \strokec4 \
}}\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://x.com/spero1ucem/status/1957254944987193611"}}{\fldrslt 
\fs30 \cf4 \strokec4 \
}}\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://x.com/spero1ucem/status/1957592816697373099"}}{\fldrslt 
\fs30 \cf4 \strokec4 \
}}\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://x.com/spero1ucem/status/1958274320137961502"}}{\fldrslt 
\fs30 \cf4 \strokec4 \
}}\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://x.com/spero1ucem/status/1958310545066713401"}}{\fldrslt 
\fs30 \cf4 \strokec4 \
}}\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://x.com/spero1ucem/status/1958918423620022625"}}{\fldrslt 
\fs30 \cf4 \strokec4 \
}}\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://x.com/spero1ucem/status/1958946646437339567"}}{\fldrslt 
\fs30 \cf4 \strokec4 \
}}\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://x.com/spero1ucem/status/1959408506953507258"}}{\fldrslt 
\fs30 \cf4 \strokec4 \
}}\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://x.com/spero1ucem/status/1960905633386909941"}}{\fldrslt 
\fs30 \cf4 \strokec4 \
}}\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://x.com/spero1ucem/status/1961223802500595946"}}{\fldrslt 
\fs30 \cf4 \strokec4 \
}}\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://x.com/spero1ucem/status/1962983489390723501"}}{\fldrslt 
\fs30 \cf4 \strokec4 \
}}\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://x.com/spero1ucem/status/1962909026582225332"}}{\fldrslt 
\fs30 \cf4 \strokec4 \
}}\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://x.com/spero1ucem/status/1963802877346160649"}}{\fldrslt 
\fs30 \cf4 \strokec4 \
}}\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://x.com/spero1ucem/status/1963398502278393942"}}{\fldrslt 
\fs30 \cf4 \strokec4 \
}}\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://x.com/spero1ucem/status/1964046064769519894"}}{\fldrslt 
\fs30 \cf4 \strokec4 \
}}\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://x.com/spero1ucem/status/1964129147535458507"}}{\fldrslt 
\fs30 \cf4 \strokec4 \
}}\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://x.com/spero1ucem/status/1965792064370790810"}}{\fldrslt 
\fs30 \cf4 \strokec4 \
}}\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://x.com/spero1ucem/status/1967074600522776876"}}{\fldrslt 
\fs30 \cf4 \strokec4 \
}}\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://x.com/itsgoingaway/status/1967054691113587052"}}{\fldrslt 
\fs30 \cf4 \strokec4 \
}}\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://x.com/spero1ucem/status/1967287825352782114"}}{\fldrslt 
\fs30 \cf4 \strokec4 \
}}\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://x.com/spero1ucem/status/1967389798081138843"}}{\fldrslt 
\fs30 \cf4 \strokec4 \
}}\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://x.com/spero1ucem/status/1967957950514991213"}}{\fldrslt 
\fs30 \cf4 \strokec4 \
}}\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://x.com/itsgoingaway/status/1959824002521653362"}}{\fldrslt 
\fs30 \cf4 \strokec4 \
}}\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://x.com/spero1ucem/status/1969494637891957245"}}{\fldrslt 
\fs30 \cf4 \strokec4 \
}}\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://x.com/spero1ucem/status/1969871332797259986"}}{\fldrslt 
\fs30 \cf4 \strokec4 \
}}\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://x.com/spero1ucem/status/1970561224707354680"}}{\fldrslt 
\fs30 \cf4 \strokec4 \
}}\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://x.com/spero1ucem/status/1972667228622344615"}}{\fldrslt 
\fs30 \cf4 \strokec4 \
}}\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://x.com/spero1ucem/status/1972777914979721515"}}{\fldrslt 
\fs30 \cf4 \strokec4 \
}}\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://x.com/spero1ucem/status/1973177119351120118"}}{\fldrslt 
\fs30 \cf4 \strokec4 \
}}\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://x.com/spero1ucem/status/1973935823138779640"}}{\fldrslt 
\fs30 \cf4 \strokec4 \
}}\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://x.com/spero1ucem/status/1975718939247452566"}}{\fldrslt 
\fs30 \cf4 \strokec4 \
}}\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://x.com/spero1ucem/status/1976009991573409801"}}{\fldrslt 
\fs30 \cf4 \strokec4 \
}}\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://x.com/spero1ucem/status/1977240591336718763"}}{\fldrslt 
\fs30 \cf4 \strokec4 \
}}\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://x.com/spero1ucem/status/1977737171223126343"}}{\fldrslt 
\fs30 \cf4 \strokec4 \
}}\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://x.com/spero1ucem/status/1978465649929150722"}}{\fldrslt 
\fs30 \cf4 \strokec4 \
}}\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://x.com/spero1ucem/status/1978474319538704854"}}{\fldrslt 
\fs30 \cf4 \strokec4 \
}}\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://x.com/spero1ucem/status/1978951943213998408"}}{\fldrslt 
\fs30 \cf4 \strokec4 \
}}\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://x.com/spero1ucem/status/1979299691381539167"}}{\fldrslt 
\fs30 \cf4 \strokec4 \
}}\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://x.com/spero1ucem/status/1979390580858691711"}}{\fldrslt 
\fs30 \cf4 \strokec4 \
}}\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs30 \cf6 \strokec6 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://x.com/spero1ucem/status/1981012576772477335"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 \
}}\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://x.com/spero1ucem/status/1981394688512053470"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 \
}}\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://x.com/spero1ucem/status/1981490101239574925"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 \
}}\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://x.com/spero1ucem/status/1981520287431897498"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 \
}}\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://x.com/spero1ucem/status/1982328514817732934"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 \
}}\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://x.com/spero1ucem/status/1982863844277137770"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 \
}}\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://x.com/spero1ucem/status/1984038526405767387"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 \
}}\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://x.com/spero1ucem/status/1985172404126052829"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 \
}}\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://x.com/spero1ucem/status/1985202705313230896"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 \
}}\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://x.com/spero1ucem/status/1985210094653448206"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 \
}}\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://x.com/spero1ucem/status/1985735258579370005"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 \
}}\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://x.com/spero1ucem/status/1986643989173575937"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 \
}}\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://x.com/spero1ucem/status/1987231378484682835"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 \
}}\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://x.com/spero1ucem/status/1987292167400718662"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 \
}}\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://x.com/spero1ucem/status/1987558339157631465"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 \
}}\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://x.com/spero1ucem/status/1988023057324065145"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 \
}}\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://x.com/spero1ucem/status/1988834144701325568"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 \
}}\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://x.com/spero1ucem/status/1989089514963566730"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 \
}}\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://x.com/spero1ucem/status/1989511758734872961"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 \
}}\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://x.com/spero1ucem/status/1989864450887733346"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 \
}}\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://x.com/spero1ucem/status/1989921007889682700"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 \
}}\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://x.com/mr_certainly/status/1992472895914967533"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 \
}}\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://x.com/spero1ucem/status/1992989199063208306"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 \
}}\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://x.com/spero1ucem/status/1993161179305591283"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 \
}}\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://x.com/spero1ucem/status/1993751271027953957"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 \
}}\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://x.com/spero1ucem/status/1994089097443324106"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 \
}}\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://x.com/spero1ucem/status/1994238778420936708"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 \
}}\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://x.com/spero1ucem/status/1995310061955268999"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 \
}}\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://x.com/spero1ucem/status/1995558961127535082"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 \
}}\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://x.com/spero1ucem/status/1997065494046621902"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 \
}}\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://x.com/spero1ucem/status/1997441239948402989"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 \
}}\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://x.com/spero1ucem/status/1997485651655266489"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 \
}}\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://x.com/itsgoingaway/status/1997502597474005475"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 \
}}\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://x.com/spero1ucem/status/1997840304872058956"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 \
}}\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://x.com/spero1ucem/status/1997898530825154724"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 \
}}\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://x.com/spero1ucem/status/1998916263981232214"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 \
}}\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://x.com/spero1ucem/status/1927401532560986280"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 \
}}\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://x.com/spero1ucem/status/2000258515957612797"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 \
}}\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://x.com/spero1ucem/status/2000242903185334783"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 \
}}\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://x.com/spero1ucem/status/2001442008368329077"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 \
}}\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://x.com/spero1ucem/status/2002053384195686655"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 \
}}\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://x.com/spero1ucem/status/2002089521329156233"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 \
}}\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://x.com/spero1ucem/status/2003485992368603264"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 \
}}\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://x.com/spero1ucem/status/2003597522200412451"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 \
}}\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf6 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://x.com/spero1ucem/status/2004722546433032418"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 \
}}\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://x.com/spero1ucem/status/2004739671931453819"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 \
}}\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://x.com/spero1ucem/status/2005044678664802428"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 \
}}\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://x.com/spero1ucem/status/2005128279775392150"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 \
}}}